doc/init.md, before:

Sample init scripts and service configuration for luxd
==========================================================

Sample scripts and configuration files for systemd, Upstart and OpenRC
can be found in the contrib/init folder.

    contrib/init/luxd.service:    systemd service unit configuration
    contrib/init/luxd.openrc:     OpenRC compatible SysV style init script
    contrib/init/luxd.openrcconf: OpenRC conf.d file
    contrib/init/luxd.conf:       Upstart service configuration file
    contrib/init/luxd.init:       CentOS compatible SysV style init script

1. Service User
---------------------------------

All three startup configurations assume the existence of a "lux" user
and group.  They must be created before attempting to use these scripts.

2. Configuration
---------------------------------

At a bare minimum, luxd requires that the rpcpassword setting be set
when running as a daemon.  If the configuration file does not exist or this
setting is not set, luxd will shutdown promptly after startup.

This password does not have to be remembered or typed as it is mostly used
as a fixed token that luxd and client programs read from the configuration
file, however it is recommended that a strong and secure password be used
as this password is security critical to securing the wallet should the
wallet be enabled.

If luxd is run with "-daemon" flag, and no rpcpassword is set, it will
print a randomly generated suitable password to stderr.  You can also
generate one from the shell yourself like this:

bash -c 'tr -dc a-zA-Z0-9 < /dev/urandom | head -c32 && echo'

Once you have a password in hand, set rpcpassword= in /etc/lux/lux.conf

For an example configuration file that describes the configuration settings,
see contrib/debian/examples/lux.conf.

3. Paths
---------------------------------

All three configurations assume several paths that might need to be adjusted.

Binary:              /usr/bin/luxd
Configuration file:  /etc/lux/lux.conf
Data directory:      /var/lib/luxd
PID file:            /var/run/luxd/luxd.pid (OpenRC and Upstart)
                     /var/lib/luxd/luxd.pid (systemd)

The configuration file, PID directory (if applicable) and data directory
should all be owned by the lux user and group.  It is advised for security
reasons to make the configuration file and data directory only readable by the
lux user and group.  Access to lux-cli and other luxd rpc clients
can then be controlled by group membership.

4. Installing Service Configuration
-----------------------------------

4a) systemd

Installing this .service file consists on just copying it to
/usr/lib/systemd/system directory, followed by the command
"systemctl daemon-reload" in order to update running systemd configuration.

To test, run "systemctl start luxd" and to enable for system startup run
"systemctl enable luxd"

4b) OpenRC

Rename luxd.openrc to luxd and drop it in /etc/init.d.  Double
check ownership and permissions and make it executable.  Test it with
"/etc/init.d/luxd start" and configure it to run on startup with
"rc-update add luxd"

4c) Upstart (for Debian/Ubuntu based distributions)

Drop luxd.conf in /etc/init.  Test by running "service luxd start"
it will automatically start on reboot.

NOTE: This script is incompatible with CentOS 5 and Amazon Linux 2014 as they
use old versions of Upstart and do not supply the start-stop-daemon uitility.

4d) CentOS

Copy luxd.init to /etc/init.d/luxd. Test by running "service luxd start".

Using this script, you can adjust the path and flags to the luxd program by
setting the LUXD and FLAGS environment variables in the file
/etc/sysconfig/luxd. You can also use the DAEMONOPTS environment variable here.

5. Auto-respawn
-----------------------------------

Auto respawning is currently only configured for Upstart and systemd.
Reasonable defaults have been chosen but YMMV.

Commit message:

Change wording from lux to justpay in all other than src

doc/init.md, after:

Sample init scripts and service configuration for justpayd
==========================================================

Sample scripts and configuration files for systemd, Upstart and OpenRC
can be found in the contrib/init folder.

    contrib/init/justpayd.service:    systemd service unit configuration
    contrib/init/justpayd.openrc:     OpenRC compatible SysV style init script
    contrib/init/justpayd.openrcconf: OpenRC conf.d file
    contrib/init/justpayd.conf:       Upstart service configuration file
    contrib/init/justpayd.init:       CentOS compatible SysV style init script

1. Service User
---------------------------------

All three startup configurations assume the existence of a "justpay" user
and group.  They must be created before attempting to use these scripts.

2. Configuration
---------------------------------

At a bare minimum, justpayd requires that the rpcpassword setting be set
when running as a daemon.  If the configuration file does not exist or this
setting is not set, justpayd will shutdown promptly after startup.

This password does not have to be remembered or typed as it is mostly used
as a fixed token that justpayd and client programs read from the configuration
file, however it is recommended that a strong and secure password be used
as this password is security critical to securing the wallet should the
wallet be enabled.

If justpayd is run with "-daemon" flag, and no rpcpassword is set, it will
print a randomly generated suitable password to stderr.  You can also
generate one from the shell yourself like this:

bash -c 'tr -dc a-zA-Z0-9 < /dev/urandom | head -c32 && echo'

Once you have a password in hand, set rpcpassword= in /etc/justpay/justpay.conf

For an example configuration file that describes the configuration settings,
see contrib/debian/examples/justpay.conf.

3. Paths
---------------------------------

All three configurations assume several paths that might need to be adjusted.

Binary:              /usr/bin/justpayd
Configuration file:  /etc/justpay/justpay.conf
Data directory:      /var/lib/justpayd
PID file:            /var/run/justpayd/justpayd.pid (OpenRC and Upstart)
                     /var/lib/justpayd/justpayd.pid (systemd)

The configuration file, PID directory (if applicable) and data directory
should all be owned by the justpay user and group.  It is advised for security
reasons to make the configuration file and data directory only readable by the
justpay user and group.  Access to justpay-cli and other justpayd rpc clients
can then be controlled by group membership.

4. Installing Service Configuration
-----------------------------------

4a) systemd

Installing this .service file consists on just copying it to
/usr/lib/systemd/system directory, followed by the command
"systemctl daemon-reload" in order to update running systemd configuration.

To test, run "systemctl start justpayd" and to enable for system startup run
"systemctl enable justpayd"

4b) OpenRC

Rename justpayd.openrc to justpayd and drop it in /etc/init.d.  Double
check ownership and permissions and make it executable.  Test it with
"/etc/init.d/justpayd start" and configure it to run on startup with
"rc-update add justpayd"

4c) Upstart (for Debian/Ubuntu based distributions)

Drop justpayd.conf in /etc/init.  Test by running "service justpayd start"
it will automatically start on reboot.

NOTE: This script is incompatible with CentOS 5 and Amazon Linux 2014 as they
use old versions of Upstart and do not supply the start-stop-daemon uitility.

4d) CentOS

Copy justpayd.init to /etc/init.d/justpayd. Test by running "service justpayd start".

Using this script, you can adjust the path and flags to the justpayd program by
setting the JUSTPAYD and FLAGS environment variables in the file
/etc/sysconfig/justpayd. You can also use the DAEMONOPTS environment variable here.

5. Auto-respawn
-----------------------------------

Auto respawning is currently only configured for Upstart and systemd.
Reasonable defaults have been chosen but YMMV.
